README.md, before:

# MDT Workflow apps

These are lightweight workflow scripts that use CCC to run MDT on the cloud. The scripts don't do any computation locally - everything happens in external docker containers, these just link the all the inputs and outputs together.

Note MDT does NOT need to be installed locally. The only requirements are the CCC libraries

### Install

```
git clone https://github.com/avirshup/mdtscripts.git
cd mdtscripts
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Run

This example runs the VDE calculator on N<sub>2</sub>.

1. The basic input file, which has the same format for all workflows, describes the molecular structure input:
 ```
$ cat inputs/n2.json
{"smiles": "N#N"}
```

2. Pass the input file's path to the `vde` python script:
```
python -
```

3. As the job runs, it will list the jobids for each container.
 
```
$ python vde.py inputs/n2.json 
input: {'smiles': 'N#N'}
Running python:read_molecule ...id:ddabf6a27bdd7f05267061064bb54f1a3d7e386522537565d9ff448e27416aa5 ...done
Running python:prep_doublet_minimization ...id:5a775a76244ecb54c46b357c131c6951ba5200d5d6a3b1266b845f741d69265b ...done
Running job: nwchem/in.pkl ...id:18baf291a9d82348a425e47828f5754157378f9fbb722067c439070454869605 ...done
Running python:finish_doublet ...id:897afe9d9db1c37788997889f475881d3eb5efef34fd432d885843e9ad23402b ...done
Running python:prep_singlet_energy ...id:3f5ac8584a016e4904bebc90c70b6e279530dd85c516406d05f639bbfc21491d ...done
```

4. When the job is done, it will produce two files in the working directory:

```
$ cat output.json  # contains numerical results
{"vde": {"units": "hartree", "value": -0.20958069703483773}}
```

```
$ cat out.pdb  # contains final structure
COMPND    UNNAMED
AUTHOR    GENERATED BY OPEN BABEL 2.3.2
HETATM    1  N0  UNL Z   0       0.933   0.074   0.009  1.00  0.00           N  
HETATM    2  N1  UNL Z   0       2.045   0.074   0.009  1.00  0.00           N  
[...]
```

Commit message:

Update README and docker image version tags

README.md, after:

# MDT Workflow apps

These are lightweight workflow scripts that use CCC to run MDT on the cloud. The scripts don't do any computation locally - everything happens in external docker containers, these just link the all the inputs and outputs together.

Note MDT does NOT need to be installed locally. The only requirements are the CCC libraries

### Install

```
git clone https://github.com/avirshup/chemworkflows.git
pip install -r chemworkflows/requirements.txt
pip install -e ./chemworkflows
```

### Run

This example runs the VDE calculator on N<sub>2</sub>.

1. The job can be launched with a JSON description of the input structure, or with the path to an input file.
 
```bash
$ chemworkflow vde '{"iupac":"water"}' 
$ chemworkflow vde ethylene.xyz
```


1. Running it will launch a series of docker computes. (By default, the will run in the cloud. Use the `--localdocker` flag to run them in your local docker instance).
```bash
$ chemworkflow vde '{"smiles":"N#N"}' 
input: {'smiles': 'N#N'}
Running python:read_molecule ...id:ddabf6a27bdd7f05267061064bb54f1a3d7e386522537565d9ff448e27416aa5 ...done
Running python:prep_doublet_minimization ...id:5a775a76244ecb54c46b357c131c6951ba5200d5d6a3b1266b845f741d69265b ...done
Running job: nwchem/in.pkl ...id:18baf291a9d82348a425e47828f5754157378f9fbb722067c439070454869605 ...done
Running python:finish_doublet ...id:897afe9d9db1c37788997889f475881d3eb5efef34fd432d885843e9ad23402b ...done
Running python:prep_singlet_energy ...id:3f5ac8584a016e4904bebc90c70b6e279530dd85c516406d05f639bbfc21491d ...done
```

4. When the job is done, it will produce a directory with the workflow's outputs:

```bash
$ ls vde.out.0.json
final_structure.pdb
results.json
workflow_state.dill
```
